# Domain Controls

## Overview

Domain Controls allow you to claim ownership of an email domain like
'example.com' and force all log-in and sign-up attempts from emails on that
domain to use your account. Domain Controls are a policy tool to enforce that
all users at your organization use a single ngrok account that you've set up
with appropriate security controls.

A Domain Control may only be created on an account that has a Single Sign-On
Identity Provider configured.

## Verification

Creating a Domain Control requires that you verify your ownership of the
domain.

When our Customer Success team creates your Domain Control, you'll be asked to
prove your ownership of the domain. There are different verification methods,
but the most common is to create a DNS TXT record on the domain you're setting
up.

## Behavior Changes

### Log in

When a Domain Control for `example.com` exists, anyone attempting to log in
with an `example.com` email address will be required to log in with the Single
Sign-On IdPs configured on your account. They will be presented with links to
those IdP on the log-in page.

### Account Sign-Up

When a Domain Control for `example.com` exists, signing up for a new account
with an email address on `example.com` will be disallowed. Users will be
redirected instaed to log in with the SSO IdPs configured on your existing
account.

### Account Creation

When a Domain Control for `example.com` exists, any ngrok users with
`example.com` email addresses will be disallowed from creating new ngrok
accounts owned by their user.

### Email Address Changes

Users with an email address matching your Domain Control are no longer allowed
change their email address to one that doesn't match your domain control.

### Retroactive Account Consolidation

Creating a Domain Control does not retroactively consolidate existing accounts
created by users with matching email addresses. If you require account
consolidation as part of creating a Domain Control, please [contact
us](mailto:support@ngrok.com) for pricing.

## Pricing

Please [contact us](mailto:support@ngrok.com) to enquire about pricing for
Domain Controls.
